Outcome-Driven Accountability: Embrace and drive a culture of accountability for customer and business outcomes. Develop engineering solutions that solve complex problems with valuable outcomes, ensuring high-quality, lean designs and implementations.

Technical Leadership and Advocacy: Serve as the technical advocate for products, ensuring code integrity, feasibility, and alignment with business and customer goals. Participate in requirement analysis, component design, development, unit testing, integrations, and support.

Engineering Craftsmanship: Maintain accountability for the integrity of code design, implementation, quality, data, and ongoing maintenance and operations. Deeply hands-on, self-driven, and continuously learn new approaches, languages, and frameworks. Create technical specifications, and write high-quality, supportable, scalable code ensuring all quality KPIs are met or exceeded. Demonstrate collaborative skills to work effectively with diverse teams.

Customer-Centric Engineering: Develop lean engineering solutions through rapid, inexpensive experimentation to solve customer needs. Engage with customers and product teams before, during, and after delivery to ensure the right solution is delivered at the right time.

Incremental and Iterative Delivery: Adopt a mindset that favors action and evidence over extensive planning. Utilize a learning-forward approach to navigate complexity and uncertainty, delivering lean, supportable, and maintainable solutions.

Cross-Functional Collaboration and Integration: Work collaboratively with empowered, cross-functional teams including product management, experience, and delivery. Integrate diverse perspectives to make well-informed decisions that balance feasibility, viability, usability, and value. Foster a collaborative environment that enhances team synergy and innovation.

Advanced Technical Proficiency: Develop expertise in modern software engineering practices and principles, including Agile methodologies, and DevSecOps to deliver daily product deployments using full automation from code check-in to production with all quality checks through SDLC lifecycle. Learn to be a role model, leveraging these techniques to optimize solutioning and product delivery. Demonstrate understanding of the full lifecycle product development, focusing on continuous improvement and learning.

Domain Expertise: Quickly acquire domain-specific knowledge relevant to the business or product. Translate business/user needs, architectures, and UX/UI designs into technical specifications and code. Be a valuable, flexible, and dedicated team member, supportive of teammates, and focused on quality and tech debt payoff.

Effective Communication and Influence: Exhibit exceptional communication skills, capable of articulating complex technical concepts clearly and compellingly. Inspire and influence teammates and product teams through well-structured arguments and trade-offs supported by evidence. Create coherent narratives that align technical solutions with business objectives.

Engagement and Collaborative Co-Creation: Engage and collaborate with product engineering teams at all organizational levels, including customers as needed. Build and maintain constructive relationships, fostering a culture of co-creation and shared momentum towards achieving product goals. Align diverse perspectives and drive consensus to create feasible solutions.


The team: US Deloitte Technology Product Engineering has modernized software and product delivery, creating a scalable, cost-effective model that focuses on value/outcomes that leverages a progressive and responsive talent structure. As Deloitte’s primary internal development team, Product Engineering delivers innovative digital solutions to businesses, service lines, and internal operations with proven bottom-line results and outcomes. It helps power Deloitte’s success. It is the engine that drives Deloitte, serving many of the world’s largest, most respected companies. We develop and deploy cutting-edge internal and go-to-market solutions that help Deloitte operate effectively and lead in the market. Our reputation is built on a tradition of delivering with excellence.